After a quick Google search of state to region mapping,
you stumble upon this dataset in Kaggle that contains exactly what you need,
state to region mapping.
So you download it, upload it to Tableau,
and join it against the NFL survey data that you have ensuring that
the NFL State column is linked to these new datasets State code column.
You peg the sum of fans that responded with
the political affiliation of independence as a row.
Then peg the team dimension as a column.
Finally, with the new dataset that you used to enrich this dataset with,
you can now filter by region to limit
this analysis to only those states in the Northeast.
From this analysis, we've gleaned that we only want to focus
our campaigns for now for the New England Patriots and Pittsburgh Steelers.